[red-knot] Type inference for comparisons between arbitrary instances (#13903)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/red_knot_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/comparison/integers.md

reveal_type(1 is not 1)  # revealed: bool
reveal_type(1 is 2)  # revealed: Literal[False]
reveal_type(1 is not 7)  # revealed: Literal[True]

> # TODO: should be Unknown, once type-checking for rich comparison operands is implemented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TODO: should be Unknown, and emit diagnostic, once we check call argument types
```

reveal_type(1 <= "" and 0 < 1)  # revealed: bool
```

## Integer instance

```py
def int_instance() -> int:
    return 42

> reveal_type(1 == int_instance())  # revealed: bool

Reviewer: 🎉
